chore(docs): add note to ensure pages actually exist (#4618)
nextauthjs/next-auth: docs/docs/configuration/options.md

}
```

> > Note: Ensure that these pages actually exist if using this configuration. For example `error: '/auth/error'` refers to a page file at, for example, `/src/pages/auth/error.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
When using this configuration, ensure that these pages actually exist. For example `error: '/auth/error'` refers to a page file at `pages/auth/error.js`.
:::
```
